DOCS-12370: Include instructions to manage runtime versions in Studio (#292)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/install-mule-runtime-versions.adoc

= Install Mule Runtime Engine in Studio

// tag::intro[]

> Anypoint Studio bundles the latest Runtime engine version available for each release.

Reviewer: I think it's better if you use **Mule runtime engine version** here since it is the first time you present the full name, and then you can just say **Mule version** in later instances.

> If you choose to use a different Mule runtime engine version than the one bundled in your Studio distribution, you can install any compatible Mule runtime version.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can put all of this in one sentence, and add a reason that the audience might want to use another version?

"Although your Anypoint Studio distribution automatically includes the latest Mule runtime engine (Mule) version, you might want to use another compatible Mule version, for example, if you...."

OR

Because your Anypoint Studio distribution automatically includes the latest Mule runtime engine (Mule) version, install Mule in Studio only if you want to use another compatible Mule version, for example, if you...."

// end::intro[]

// tag::prereq[]

> = Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Prerequisites
```

* If you have strict firewall rules, ensure that you allow the following URLs:
** `+http://studio.mulesoft.org/+`
** `+http://repository.mulesoft.org/connectors/releases/+`
** `+http://download.eclipse.org/technology/m2e/releases+`
** `+http://download.eclipse.org/eclipse/updates+`
** `+http://subclipse.tigris.org/+`
** `+http://findbugs.cs.umd.edu/eclipse/+`
// end::prereq[]

// tag::install-task[]

> = Installing a Different Mule Runtime Engine Version

Reviewer 2: For a task with steps, use imperative: Install.
To introduce a set of task topics or for an action without steps, use the gerund Installing.
```suggestion
== Install a Different Mule Runtime Engine Version
```

. In the top menu bar, select *Help* > *Install New Software.*

> . Select *Mule Runtimes for Anypoint Studio - +https://studio.mulesoft.org/s3/studio-runtimes/+*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select *Mule Runtimes for Anypoint Studio - +https://studio.mulesoft.org/s3/studio-runtimes/+*:
```
colon points to image directly following

+
image::studio::mule-runtime-update-site.png[]

> . Select the Mule runtime engine version you want to install and select *Next*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select the Mule version you want to install and click *Next*:
```
After fully spelling out "Mule runtime engine (Mule)" at the first level, you can then use "Mule" alone, unless the context become unclear.

+
image::studio::select-mule-runtime-version.png[]

> . Accept the terms and conditions and select *Finish*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Accept the terms and conditions and click *Finish*:
```

+
image::studio::accept-terms-and-conditions.png[]

> . Restart Studio after the installation completes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Restart Studio after the installation is completed.
```
See "complete" in style ref.

> After installing a different Mule runtime version, you can proceed to update your project to use a different Mule runtime version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After installing a different Mule version, update your project to use that version.
```

// end::install-task[]

// tag::update-mule-version-task[]

> = Changing the Mule Runtime version of an Existing Project

Reviewer: version > Version

> = Changing the Mule Runtime version of an Existing Project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Change the Mule Runtime Version of an Existing Project
```

> . In the Package Explorer view, right-click your project, and select *Mule* > *Open Mule Project Properties*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the Package Explorer view, right-click your project and select *Mule* > *Open Mule Project Properties*:
```

+
image::studio::open-mule-project-properties.png[]

> . Use the drop-down menu next to *Server Runtime* to select a new Mule runtime engine version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Use the drop-down menu next to *Server Runtime* to select a new Mule version:
```

+
image::studio::select-project-runtime-version.png[]
. Select *Apply and Close*.

// end::update-mule-version-task[]

// tag::uninstall-mule-version-task[]
= Uninstall a Mule Runtime Engine Version

> To uninstall a version of mule runtime engine:

Reviewer: mule > Mule

> To uninstall a version of mule runtime engine:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To uninstall a version of Mule:
```

. In the top menu bar, select *Anypoint Studio* > *About Anypoint Studio*.

> . Select *Installation Details*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select *Installation Details*:
```

+
image::studio::studio-installation-details.png[]

> . Select the runtime version you want to uninstall, and select *Uninstall...*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select the runtime version you want to uninstall and click *Uninstall...*:
```
GLOBAL: Use "click" to refer to activating a UI control; reserve "select" for making a choice among options or marking a checkbox.
